So far we've learned how we can make a set we can add things to it we can delete it we can absolutely
clear out everything on the set and we can even check to see if values are available on the set.
Now you may be thinking what if I want to loop through this and do certain operations with it.
Well just like with the braes we can use the For Each loop.
Now there is something to be said about using the For Each loop with an array compared with using it
with a set.
OK.
Whenever you use it with an array or a map for that matter it's going to be pretty cut and dried just
like you're used to it will do an array real quick and then we'll make one to like so and we'll just
loop through this bad boy with a for each throw in a arrow function like so now whenever we do a For
Each loop with an array or a map which we'll talk about later.
You get three arguments the first one is going to be the value segment is going to be the index and
you get a third one that most of the time you don't really need.
With that being said inside of sets the actual There are three arguments technically that get passed
in when you loop over a set for each of the three arguments.
The only thing that's weird is that the first two arguments are exactly the same.
Seriously there's no difference at all.
And then the third argument is the actual set on which you are looping.
So what's the deal.
Well essentially the way it went down was they wanted to add the foreach loop to the sets or make it
to where you can loop over it with a For Each loop because you know the For Each loop is so popular
with developers.
But the thing was they could have set this up with the foreach loops where it would only take two arguments
so this redundant argument would have been done away with.
But in that case the For Each loop would be different.
And so they would have to use a different syntax for it.
So they found a way to make sure that the For Each loop doesn't change.
And it always accepts three arguments just like the others.
So that way they wouldn't have to change it.
And that was basically because the reason they could do that was because sets are essentially the key
and the value inside of a set is the same thing.
So if we go up let's see where where can I show you that here.
So for example here with this set the key right here and the value are are the same thing.
OK.
In the eyes of javascript a key and a value inside of a set are exactly the same thing.
And so for that reason they were allowed to keep the foreach loop same.
And for that reason I have to explain this part right here.
So with that being said we'll go ahead and create a set.
So with you let ours set and then we'll do a new and then set and we'll just pass in the array right
there.
And then after that we can do a loop.
So we do a For Each loop for each pass in our arrow function and then just to illustrate that they're
the same.
I'm going to do the value in the key and then after that I'll do set you know we can do a canceled log
and you can use template literals if you want.
I will and will do a comparison so not really a comparison just a substitution and we'll print out the
value and then we'll do a space and we'll print out the key and then we'll go down to the next line
and we'll print out a comparison.
So you do our set equals triple equals set we'll go down to the very last line if it it'll let me.
There we go.
And I'll just draw a line to separate it out like so now that we have that if a reload this you can
see it print out 1 1.
True 2.
True.
So these are exactly the same but this is the way that you can loop through and perform operations with
your set.